Hi.
So let's continue.
So let me click on this view service.
And this is the name of my cluster which is active.
So this is the task.
So task is to execute your Docker image as a container.
Just keep in mind, suppose you have an application and for that application you have created the Docker
image.
Now you want to execute that image.
So to execute the image, you need a container.
So for defining the container or its attributes, you need the task definition.
Service type it's a replica and launch type is Fargate.
Fargate means it is going to manage.
By the AWS, you can see that it has already created the service role by default.
AWS service role for ECS.
So this is the details.
The next is task and this is my task which we have created, and this task is managing by this nginx
Service, Okay and the next is events.
So here it has provided each and everything how this cluster has been created.
You can click on any of the events and you can check the details auto scaling.
As of now, we have not defined anything about the auto scaling that we'll understand in the letter
lectures, deployments.
So once you will create the cluster, it will create one deployment.
Let me show you this one deployment ID.
This is the primary desired count and running count.
So it means that you have one task which is running the state metrics.
So here you can see the metrics, the CPU utilization, the memory utilization.
Tags So we have not defined any tags.
The next is logs, so you can check the logs as well for the troubleshooting point of view.
So let me come back here on this cluster demo and this is my service task.
So if will click on the task, it will provide you an IP.
So here you can see this is my public IP and let me copy this one and let me put it here so you can see that
my nginx application is running fine.
So if will remember while we were creating the cluster at the very first step or we can say at the container
definition, we have defined the nginx application and to execute that nginx application, we have
created one task.
So this is the task and this task has provided me the IP address or other attributes and I have just
copied the IP and put it here and let me come back here.
My task is active okay, so that's all for this lecture.
In the next lecture, I will show you something more about the service.